change crush update schedule (#873)
ScilifelabDataCentre/covid-portal: content/english/dashboards/crush_covid.md

    - /data_types/health_data/crush_covid/
---

> <div class="containter"><div class="row mr-2 mt-2"><div class="col-lg-9"><p><b>CRUSH Covid</b> is a collaboration between the Region Uppsala and researchers from five different departments at Uppsala University. The purpose of the project is to map outbreaks of COVID-19 in Uppsala County and contribute to mitigation of their impact through informing the public. Information on the CRUSH Covid dashboard was previously updated weekly but the update schedule changed in autumn 2022. The dashboard will now be <b>updated every 1-2 months</b></p>

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="containter"><div class="row mr-2 mt-2"><div class="col-lg-9"><p><b>CRUSH Covid</b> is a collaboration between the Region Uppsala and researchers from five different departments at Uppsala University. The purpose of the project is to map outbreaks of COVID-19 in Uppsala County and attempt to mitigate their impact by keeping the public informed. Information on the CRUSH Covid dashboard was originally updated weekly, but the update schedule changed in autumn 2022. The dashboard will now be <b>updated every 1-2 months.</b></p>
```

<div class="alert alert-info">Last updated: {{% crush_covid_modified %}}.</div>

> * [Number of tests and % positivity by postal code in Uppsala County, .csv file](https://blobserver.dckube.scilifelab.se/blob/CRUSH_Covid_data.csv) (updated every 1-2 months from Spetember 2022).

Author: ```suggestion
* [Number of tests and % positivity by postal code in Uppsala County, .csv file](https://blobserver.dckube.scilifelab.se/blob/CRUSH_Covid_data.csv) (updated every 1-2 months from September 2022).
```
